before we test the projector first we
prepare one mobile iphone and then we go
to the Apple Store download our one ABP
his name is a detect wilter after this
as chatter accessory in the box there's
one device I tapped and there is one
menu box come with box one us cable can
ask our charge and also the dead touch
as further also we become funny back now
let's turn on the pajetta here is the
pattern and we can see the light will
turn on and now you show the you display
the number the word welcome
and now let's connect this chatter with
the iPhone
and then we opened the methyl-p software
if you sought device connect and now
choose here here there is few functions
is displays of phone and video browser
like protection so secure network and
YouTube Google met and now let's try the
photo first here now let's turn off the
light in the road choose the pictionary
water display either you can serve by
the butter to object image and so the
other pictures the size of the picture
can adjust the calendar your device
against upward
there we go thank you for your juice our
items okay